Scripts/README.md, before:

# Scripts
This folder contains the following GNU Octave scripts:
- scr_MeasuredDataFitting.m: performs data fitting and calculate thermistors' parameters (Beta and R25) starting from two or more measured data points.
- scr_RdeltaTableGenerator.m: calculates and generates "Rdelta Tables", reporting the exact series resistance offset to be connected to stock IAT probe to have a prescribed temperature negative offset (air/fuel ratio leaning) for a given ambient temperature. Very useful e.g. when benchmarking with a simple series potentiometer on a dyno.
- scr_SeriesIatCalculator.m: according to the approach of connecting a second thermistor in series with stock IAT probe to enrich the fuel mixture by a given percentage, calculates Beta and R25 parameters of such thermistor, or double checks resulting AFR percentage increment against given values.
- scr_ReplacementIatCalculator.m: according to the approach of completely replacing stock IAT thermistor with another one to enrich the fuel mixture by a given percentage, calculates Beta and R25 parameters of such replacement thermistor, or double checks resulting AFR percentage increment against given values.

Commit message:

Renaming fixed series resistor table generation script, updating documentation.

Scripts/README.md, after:

# Scripts
This folder contains the following GNU Octave scripts:
- scr_MeasuredDataFitting.m: performs data fitting and calculate thermistors' parameters (Beta and R25) starting from two or more measured data points.
- scr_FixedIatTableGenerator.m: calculates and generate a "series resistor table", reporting the exact value of a fixed series resistor to connect in series with stock IAT probe to obtain a prescribed Air/Fuel Ratio (AFR) decrement which will be valid only for a precise ambient temperature value. Nice to have when e.g. benchmarking with a series potentiometer on a dyno.
- scr_SeriesIatCalculator.m: according to the approach of connecting a second thermistor in series with stock IAT probe to enrich the fuel mixture by a given percentage, calculates Beta and R25 parameters of such thermistor, or double checks resulting AFR percentage decrement against given values.
- scr_ReplacementIatCalculator.m: according to the approach of completely replacing stock IAT thermistor with another one to enrich the fuel mixture by a given percentage, calculates Beta and R25 parameters of such replacement thermistor, or double checks resulting AFR percentage decrement against given values.
